## General Documentation

[Dev Team Info](https://trello.com/b/ShiJG8T8/dev-team-info) board
[Dev Roadmap](https://trello.com/b/2YvamUq6/dev-roadmap) board
[Stoplight](https://app.stoplight.io/) (or read our OAS [spec](https://github.com/SYNQfm/spec-documentation/tree/master/obaku-specification))

## Branching / PR

* All repos have "protected" master branches, which require a PR to be submitted before it gets merged.  
* All repos are connected to circleci and coveralls.  CI must pass in order for the code to be mergeable
* Use good naming convention such as `bruce-fix-s3-bug`
* Every PR should have at least one reviewer
* "Squash and Merge" branches into master, and delete the merged branch at that time
* Delete unused branches, maintain as few working branches as possible

### What are we reviewing?

Refer back to the [getting started guide](README.md) for the full list, but code should meet all the criteria.  Specifically here is how they are looked at

#### (Near) Atomic Changes
* How small are the changes?
* How many files have been touched?
* Could this have been broken up into smaller requests

#### High code coverage
* Coveralls should pass, the coverage varies per repo but generally is > 70%.  
* Did you increase code coverage?  That gets a :100

#### Refactor constantly
* Are there changes that require some rework?
* Did you do some rework in this PR?  Cleanups and removing code debt gets a :100:

#### Branches and PRs
* What we're talking about here :)

#### Good documentation
* "Code is the documentation" so is the code itself structured properly? (code styles linting is enforced via CI, except for Golang).
* Is your documentation close to the code and structured properly?
* Do they follow convention of the specific language?
* Does the autogenerated docs look right?

#### Aligned Development
* Does this PR match a card on Trello or an important issue in GitHub.  Basically, why was this done now?

#### Tight CI/CD
* This is done for you, you can't merge without passing testings.  Also, the moment its merged into master, it will be pushed to production

#### Automated System/UI Testing
* This isn't currently tested in the PR itself, and comes later.  However, we should do this :)

#### DevOps Culture
* Is this a new service? Did you include how its ran and tested in the README?
* Is it clear how it runs and works?
* Did you improve the markdown to improve runnability, this gets :100:


## Code Documentation (Elixir)

```elixir

```

## Code Documentation (Golang)

```golang
```